# [M-1] Well.sol#removeLiquidityImbalanced - Handling Excess Reserves in removeLiquidityImbalanced Function to Prevent Unnecessary Reverts
https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-07-basin-findings/issues/210

## Lines of code
https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-07-basin/blob/f15fe66d57c2f226c232685d16f297e54bcc0939/src/Well.sol#L562

## Vulnerability details
## Impact
The removeLiquidityImbalanced function in the Well.sol contract is vulnerable to a potential underflow. This could disrupt the contract's functionality and prevent users from removing liquidity in an imbalanced manner. Furthermore, the function does not appropriately handle cases where reserves can be greater than minted liquidity due to external factors like donations. This could lead to unnecessary reverts of legitimate removeLiquidity transactions.

## Proof of Concept
The issue is located in the removeLiquidityImbalanced function of the Well.sol contract, specifically at this line: Well.sol#L562.

The potential underflow occurs in the following line of code:
```javascript
lpAmountIn = totalSupply() - _calcLpTokenSupply(wellFunction(), reserves);
```
In addition, the function doesn't handle the scenario where reserves can be greater than minted liquidity due to external factors like donations. This could lead to unnecessary reverts of legitimate removeLiquidity transactions.

PoC:
Here are the steps we thought about in order to reproduce the issue.

Suppose a Constant product 2 pool and Well as provided
Steps:
1. Donate X token0 to the pool
2. call sync()
3. Try to withdraw imbalanced X-1 token0 from the pool

## Tools Used
The code review and analysis were performed manually, without the use of any specific security tools.

## Recommended Mitigation Steps
To mitigate this issue, it is recommended to add a check to ensure totalSupply() is not less than the return value of _calcLpTokenSupply. If it is, lpTokenSupply should be set to totalSupply(). This change would make the function call complete successfully even when reserves can be greater than minted liquidity due to donations. Here is an example of how this could be implemented:

```javascript
uint256 lpTokenSupply = _calcLpTokenSupply(wellFunction(), reserves);
if (totalSupply() < lpTokenSupply) {
    lpTokenSupply = totalSupply();
}
lpAmountIn = totalSupply() - lpTokenSupply;
```
This change will prevent the underflow from happening and also account for the scenario where reserves are greater than the total supply of liquidity tokens. This allows the function to handle donations and similar scenarios without reverting legitimate removeLiquidity transactions.

Assessed type
Math